en: update doc for tiflash on eks and ack (#276)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/scale-a-tidb-cluster.md

### Horizontal scaling operations (CR)

#### Scale PD, TiDB, and TiKV

Modify `spec.pd.replicas`, `spec.tidb.replicas`, and `spec.tikv.replicas` in the `TidbCluster` object of the cluster to a desired value using kubectl.

#### Scale out TiFlash

If TiFlash is deployed in the cluster, you can scale out TiFlash by modifying `spec.tiflash.replicas`.

#### Scale in TiFlash

1. Expose the PD service by using `port-forward`:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl port-forward -n ${namespace} svc/${cluster_name}-pd 2379:2379
    ```

> 2. Open a **new** terminal tab or window. Check the maximum number (`N`) of replicas of all data tables that have enabled TiFlash by running the following command:

Reviewer: @DanielZhangQD Please check whether my comment is technically correct, thanks!
```suggestion
2. Open a **new** terminal tab or window. Check the maximum number (`N`) of replicas of all data tables with which TiFlash is enabled by running the following command:
```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    curl 127.0.0.1:2379/pd/api/v1/config/rules/group/tiflash | grep count
    ```

    In the printed result, the largest value of `count` is the maximum number (`N`) of replicas of all data tables.

3. Go back to the terminal window in Step 1, where `port-forward` is running. Press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd> to stop `port-forward`.

> 4. If after the scaling-in operation, the number of remaining Pods in TiFlash >= `N`, skip to Step 6. Otherwise, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After the scale-in operation, if the number of remaining Pods in TiFlash >= `N`, skip to Step 6. Otherwise, take the following steps:
```

    1. Refer to [Access TiDB](access-tidb.md) and connect to the TiDB service.

    2. For all the tables that have more replicas than the remaining Pods in TiFlash, run the following command:

        {{< copyable "sql" >}}

        ```sql
        alter table <db-name>.<table-name> set tiflash replica 0;
        ```

5. Wait for TiFlash replicas in the related tables to be deleted.

>     Connect to the TiDB service, and run the following service:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Connect to the TiDB service, and run the following command:
```

    {{< copyable "sql" >}}

    ```sql
    SELECT * FROM information_schema.tiflash_replica WHERE TABLE_SCHEMA = '<db_name>' and TABLE_NAME = '<table_name>';
    ```

>     If you cannot view the replication information of the related tables, it means the TiFlash replicas are successfully deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you cannot view the replication information of related tables, the TiFlash replicas are successfully deleted.
```
